Currently there's actually quite a few services that allow you to create these landing pages really
really quickly.
An example is a company like kickofflabs which is the company that Great little Place used to create their
landing page.
And another popular one is unbounce that has a 30 day free trial.
And finally there's another one called Leadpages.
Now depending on your need and your budget, some of these may be more appropriate than others.
For example I think Leadpages is actually slightly cheaper than unbounce even though they have a 30
day trial period.
But afterwards, it gets a little bit more pricey.
Now all of these services have a pretty much drag and drop interface which allows you to drag in sections
drag in  text, images and essentially design in a what you see is what you get kind of way.
So it's super simple and they have all of these templates that are already set up for you. So if you don't
want to design or change anything you can just put new images, put in new text and you know within
less than an hour, you've got a landing page that's ready set up.
So have a look at those services and I would say that this is pretty much the quickest way to build
a landing page.
But if you are somebody who likes to tinker a little bit more or you have a bit more experience with
the more technical side of things, then there's also other options.
I would say in increasing difficulty from left to right you've got Squarespace which is again a drag
and drop interface that allows you to create websites and host them with Squarespace.
I would say that probably the easiest to do.
They also have a bunch of templates and a bunch of widgets that you can use. The next step is Wordpress
and WordPress has been pretty much king of self-publishing or self web design for the longest time.
And there's a reason because they have a whole host of plugins that allow you to extend the capabilities
of your website to include you know email collection boxes and there's so many people creating beautiful
templates for wordpress.
You really won't go amiss with using something like that and it gives you just a little bit more flexibility
just a little bit more control than Squarespace
I would say. And it's probably a bit cheaper as well but it does take a little bit more time investment
in terms of getting it up and running.
And finally if you really like to play with code and you get things set up, then what we tend to do is
use something like a Bootstrap framework which I'll probably go into a little bit more detail in the
module where we teach you how to create your product page and it is again super simple.
It really is just taking a design template that somebody else made and editing the appropriate parts
and changing the images and not even editing all that much code.
So in terms of difficulty obviously using something like Leadpages or Unbounce is probably the easiest.
And then if you want to invest a little bit more time into it or if you want to reduce costs then you
can explore some of these other options I've explain.
But I would say that none of these really require a lot of investment of time to learn.
They're not so difficult.
They're all visual editors and you don't need to be a coder to do any of this but it just depends on your
level of interest in interacting with technology.
If you really don't want to then go with one of these people and pay them for convenience.
But if you want to do it yourself, DIY it, then goes something like Wordpress.
It's probably that one of the cheapest ways of doing something like this.